docs/src/routes/docs/[...2]getting-started/[...2]customization.md, before:

# Customization

You can customize web3-onboard based on your design system to match the look & feel of your dapp. web3-onboard exposes css variables grouped for each of its UI components, including the Connect Wallet modal, Account Center, Notify, Hardware wallet modals, general styling, and other modals that are part of the user flows. 

:::admonition type="tip"
Access our [theming tool through this link](/theming) to generate, preview, and download a theme for your integration of web3-onboard.
:::

## Custom Styling

The Onboard styles can customized via [CSS variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties). The following properties and their default properties can be customized by adding these variables to the `:root` in your CSS file:

```css
:root {
  /* CUSTOMIZE THE COLOR  PALLETTE */
  --onboard-white: white;
  --onboard-black: black;
  --onboard-primary-1: #2f80ed;
  --onboard-primary-100: #eff1fc;
  --onboard-primary-200: #d0d4f7;
  --onboard-primary-300: #b1b8f2;
  --onboard-primary-400: #929bed;
  --onboard-primary-500: #6370e5;
  --onboard-primary-600: #454ea0;
  --onboard-primary-700: #323873;
  --onboard-gray-100: #ebebed;
  --onboard-gray-200: #c2c4c9;
  --onboard-gray-300: #999ca5;
  --onboard-gray-400: #707481;
  --onboard-gray-500: #33394b;
  --onboard-gray-600: #242835;
  --onboard-gray-700: #1a1d26;
  --onboard-success-100: #d1fae3;
  --onboard-success-200: #baf7d5;
  --onboard-success-300: #a4f4c6;
  --onboard-success-400: #8df2b8;
  --onboard-success-500: #5aec99;
  --onboard-success-600: #18ce66;
  --onboard-success-700: #129b4d;
  --onboard-danger-100: #ffe5e6;
  --onboard-danger-200: #ffcccc;
  --onboard-danger-300: #ffb3b3;
  --onboard-danger-400: #ff8080;
  --onboard-danger-500: #ff4f4f;
  --onboard-danger-600: #cc0000;
  --onboard-danger-700: #660000;
  --onboard-warning-100: #ffefcc;
  --onboard-warning-200: #ffe7b3;
  --onboard-warning-300: #ffd780;
  --onboard-warning-400: #ffc74c;
  --onboard-warning-500: #ffaf00;
  --onboard-warning-600: #cc8c00;
  --onboard-warning-700: #664600;

  /* CUSTOMIZE ACCOUNT CENTER*/
  --account-center-z-index
  --account-center-position-top
  --account-center-position-bottom
  --account-center-position-right
  --account-center-position-left
  --account-center-minimized-background
  --account-center-maximized-upper-background
  --account-center-maximized-network-section
  --account-center-maximized-app-info-section
  --account-center-minimized-address-color
  --account-center-maximized-address-color
  --account-center-maximized-account-section-background-hover
  --account-center-maximized-action-background-hover
  --account-center-minimized-chain-select-background
  --account-center-network-selector-color
  --account-center-maximized-network-selector-color
  --account-center-minimized-network-selector-color
  --account-center-app-btn-text-color
  --account-center-app-btn-background
  --account-center-app-btn-font-family
  --account-center-border
  --account-center-box-shadow
  --account-center-boarder-radius
  --account-center-chain-warning
  --account-center-minimized-balance-color
  --account-center-minimized-chain-select-background
  --account-center-maximized-network-section-background
  --account-center-maximized-network-text-color
  --account-center-maximized-info-section-background-color
  --account-center-maximized-upper-action-color
  --account-center-maximized-upper-action-background-hover
  --account-center-maximized-app-name-color
  --account-center-maximized-app-info-color
  --account-center-micro-background
  
  /* CUSTOMIZE SECTIONS OF THE CONNECT MODAL */
  --onboard-connect-content-width
  --onboard-connect-content-height
  --onboard-wallet-columns
  --onboard-connect-sidebar-background
  --onboard-connect-sidebar-color
  --onboard-connect-sidebar-progress-background
  --onboard-connect-sidebar-progress-color
  --onboard-connect-header-background
  --onboard-connect-header-color
  --onboard-main-scroll-container-background
  --onboard-link-color
  --onboard-close-button-background
  --onboard-close-button-color
  --onboard-checkbox-background
  --onboard-checkbox-color
  --onboard-wallet-button-background
  --onboard-wallet-button-background-hover
  --onboard-wallet-button-color
  --onboard-wallet-button-border-color
  --onboard-wallet-button-border-radius
  --onboard-wallet-button-box-shadow
  --onboard-wallet-app-icon-border-color

  /* CUSTOMIZE THE SHARED MODAL */
  --onboard-modal-background
  --onboard-modal-color

  /* CUSTOMIZE THE CONNECT MODAL */
  --onboard-modal-border-radius
  --onboard-modal-backdrop
  --onboard-modal-box-shadow

  /* CUSTOMIZE THE ACTION REQUIRED MODAL */
  --onboard-action-required-modal-background

  /* FONTS */
  --onboard-font-family-normal: Sofia Pro;
  --onboard-font-family-semibold: Sofia Pro Semibold;
  --onboard-font-family-light: Sofia Pro Light;

  --onboard-font-size-1: 3rem;
  --onboard-font-size-2: 2.25rem;
  --onboard-font-size-3: 1.5rem;
  --onboard-font-size-4: 1.25rem;
  --onboard-font-size-5: 1rem;
  --onboard-font-size-6: 0.875rem;
  --onboard-font-size-7: 0.75rem;

  /* SPACING */
  --onboard-spacing-1: 3rem;
  --onboard-spacing-2: 2rem;
  --onboard-spacing-3: 1.5rem;
  --onboard-spacing-4: 1rem;
  --onboard-spacing-5: 0.5rem;

  /* BORDER RADIUS */
  --onboard-border-radius-1: 24px;
  --onboard-border-radius-2: 20px;
  --onboard-border-radius-3: 16px;

  /* SHADOWS */
  --onboard-shadow-0: none;
  --onboard-shadow-1: 0px 4px 12px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
  --onboard-shadow-2: inset 0px -1px 0px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

  /* MAIN MODAL POSITIONING */
  --onboard-modal-z-index
  --onboard-modal-top
  --onboard-modal-bottom
  --onboard-modal-right
  --onboard-modal-left

  /* HD WALLET ACCOUNT SELECT MODAL POSITIONING */
  --onboard-account-select-modal-z-index
  --onboard-account-select-modal-top
  --onboard-account-select-modal-bottom
  --onboard-account-select-modal-right
  --onboard-account-select-modal-left

  /* MAGIC WALLET MODAL POSITIONING */
  --onboard-login-modal-z-index
  --onboard-login-modal-top
  --onboard-login-modal-bottom
  --onboard-login-modal-right
  --onboard-login-modal-left


  /* HARDWARE WALLET STYLES  */
  /* *if not set will fallback to variables with `--onboard` prefix shown above */

  /* COLORS */
  --account-select-modal-white: white;
  --account-select-modal-black: black;
  --account-select-modal-primary-100: #eff1fc;
  --account-select-modal-primary-200: #d0d4f7;
  --account-select-modal-primary-300: #b1b8f2;
  --account-select-modal-primary-500: #6370e5;
  --account-select-modal-primary-600: #454ea0;
  --account-select-modal-gray-100: #ebebed;
  --account-select-modal-gray-200: #c2c4c9;
  --account-select-modal-gray-300: #999ca5;
  --account-select-modal-gray-500: #33394b;
  --account-select-modal-gray-700: #1a1d26;
  --account-select-modal-danger-500: #ff4f4f;

  /* FONTS */
  --account-select-modal-font-family-normal: Sofia Pro;
  --account-select-modal-font-family-light: Sofia Pro Light;
  --account-select-modal-font-size-5: 1rem;
  --account-select-modal-font-size-7: .75rem;
  --account-select-modal-font-line-height-1: 24px;

  /* SPACING */
  --account-select-modal-margin-4: 1rem;
  --account-select-modal-margin-5: 0.5rem;

  /* NOTIFY STYLES */
  /* Notify Positioning variables only take effect if Notify is Positioned separate of Account Center */
  --notify-onboard-container-position-top
  --notify-onboard-container-position-bottom
  --notify-onboard-container-position-right
  --notify-onboard-container-position-left
  --notify-onboard-font-family-normal
  --notify-onboard-font-size-5
  --notify-onboard-gray-300
  --notify-onboard-gray-600
  --notify-onboard-border-radius
  --notify-onboard-font-size-7
  --notify-onboard-font-size-6
  --notify-onboard-line-height-4
  --notify-onboard-primary-100
  --notify-onboard-primary-400
  --notify-onboard-main-padding
  --notify-onboard-z-index
  --notify-onboard-background
  --notify-onboard-close-icon-color
  --notify-onboard-close-icon-hover
  --notify-onboard-transaction-status-color
  --notify-onboard-transaction-font-size
  --notify-onboard-hash-time-font-size
  --notify-onboard-hash-time-font-line-height
  --notify-onboard-address-hash-color
  --notify-onboard-anchor-color
}
```

### Theming

We have created a [theming tool](/theming) that allows you to customize a theme, see your theme on web3-onboard laid over app context from a screenshot or URL, and copy your theme file to be added to your site's main css file. We recommend using this tool to get started quickly. You can dive into deep customization using the css variables to make web3-onboard feel pixel perfect when you're ready.

### Fonts & Borders

There are css variables available in the custom styling section of the core module for you to customize the fonts & borders of web3-onboard to match your dapp.

:::admonition type="info"
**Stay Tuned:** We're dedicated to providing a seamless customization experience and will soon be providing more tools and examples to help our community get the most out of their web3-onboard implementation.
:::

Commit message:

update customization page
- rework admonition types.
- reduce the use of 'theming' in language. We don't really support themes. We support customizing some css properties via variables.
- remove fonts and borders section.
- update language to use css custom properties vs variables for clarity.

docs/src/routes/docs/[...2]getting-started/[...2]customization.md, after:

#  Custom Styling

You can customize web3-onboard to match the look and feel of your dapp. web3-onboard exposes css variables for each of its UI components.

:::admonition type="experimental"
Interested in seeing how web3-onboard will look on your site?

[Try out our theming tool](/theming-tool)

It will allow you to customize the look and feel of web3-onboard, copy your customized css variables, and preview how web3-onboard will look on your site by entering a URL or adding a screenshot.
:::

## CSS custom properties (variables)

The Onboard styles can customized via [CSS custom properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties). The following properties and their default properties can be customized by adding these variables to the `:root` in your CSS file:

```css
:root {
  /* CUSTOMIZE THE COLOR  PALLETTE */
  --onboard-white: white;
  --onboard-black: black;
  --onboard-primary-1: #2f80ed;
  --onboard-primary-100: #eff1fc;
  --onboard-primary-200: #d0d4f7;
  --onboard-primary-300: #b1b8f2;
  --onboard-primary-400: #929bed;
  --onboard-primary-500: #6370e5;
  --onboard-primary-600: #454ea0;
  --onboard-primary-700: #323873;
  --onboard-gray-100: #ebebed;
  --onboard-gray-200: #c2c4c9;
  --onboard-gray-300: #999ca5;
  --onboard-gray-400: #707481;
  --onboard-gray-500: #33394b;
  --onboard-gray-600: #242835;
  --onboard-gray-700: #1a1d26;
  --onboard-success-100: #d1fae3;
  --onboard-success-200: #baf7d5;
  --onboard-success-300: #a4f4c6;
  --onboard-success-400: #8df2b8;
  --onboard-success-500: #5aec99;
  --onboard-success-600: #18ce66;
  --onboard-success-700: #129b4d;
  --onboard-danger-100: #ffe5e6;
  --onboard-danger-200: #ffcccc;
  --onboard-danger-300: #ffb3b3;
  --onboard-danger-400: #ff8080;
  --onboard-danger-500: #ff4f4f;
  --onboard-danger-600: #cc0000;
  --onboard-danger-700: #660000;
  --onboard-warning-100: #ffefcc;
  --onboard-warning-200: #ffe7b3;
  --onboard-warning-300: #ffd780;
  --onboard-warning-400: #ffc74c;
  --onboard-warning-500: #ffaf00;
  --onboard-warning-600: #cc8c00;
  --onboard-warning-700: #664600;

  /* CUSTOMIZE ACCOUNT CENTER*/
  --account-center-z-index
  --account-center-position-top
  --account-center-position-bottom
  --account-center-position-right
  --account-center-position-left
  --account-center-minimized-background
  --account-center-maximized-upper-background
  --account-center-maximized-network-section
  --account-center-maximized-app-info-section
  --account-center-minimized-address-color
  --account-center-maximized-address-color
  --account-center-maximized-account-section-background-hover
  --account-center-maximized-action-background-hover
  --account-center-minimized-chain-select-background
  --account-center-network-selector-color
  --account-center-maximized-network-selector-color
  --account-center-minimized-network-selector-color
  --account-center-app-btn-text-color
  --account-center-app-btn-background
  --account-center-app-btn-font-family
  --account-center-border
  --account-center-box-shadow
  --account-center-boarder-radius
  --account-center-chain-warning
  --account-center-minimized-balance-color
  --account-center-minimized-chain-select-background
  --account-center-maximized-network-section-background
  --account-center-maximized-network-text-color
  --account-center-maximized-info-section-background-color
  --account-center-maximized-upper-action-color
  --account-center-maximized-upper-action-background-hover
  --account-center-maximized-app-name-color
  --account-center-maximized-app-info-color
  --account-center-micro-background

  /* CUSTOMIZE SECTIONS OF THE CONNECT MODAL */
  --onboard-connect-content-width
  --onboard-connect-content-height
  --onboard-wallet-columns
  --onboard-connect-sidebar-background
  --onboard-connect-sidebar-color
  --onboard-connect-sidebar-progress-background
  --onboard-connect-sidebar-progress-color
  --onboard-connect-header-background
  --onboard-connect-header-color
  --onboard-main-scroll-container-background
  --onboard-link-color
  --onboard-close-button-background
  --onboard-close-button-color
  --onboard-checkbox-background
  --onboard-checkbox-color
  --onboard-wallet-button-background
  --onboard-wallet-button-background-hover
  --onboard-wallet-button-color
  --onboard-wallet-button-border-color
  --onboard-wallet-button-border-radius
  --onboard-wallet-button-box-shadow
  --onboard-wallet-app-icon-border-color

  /* CUSTOMIZE THE SHARED MODAL */
  --onboard-modal-background
  --onboard-modal-color

  /* CUSTOMIZE THE CONNECT MODAL */
  --onboard-modal-border-radius
  --onboard-modal-backdrop
  --onboard-modal-box-shadow

  /* CUSTOMIZE THE ACTION REQUIRED MODAL */
  --onboard-action-required-modal-background

  /* FONTS */
  --onboard-font-family-normal: Sofia Pro;
  --onboard-font-family-semibold: Sofia Pro Semibold;
  --onboard-font-family-light: Sofia Pro Light;

  --onboard-font-size-1: 3rem;
  --onboard-font-size-2: 2.25rem;
  --onboard-font-size-3: 1.5rem;
  --onboard-font-size-4: 1.25rem;
  --onboard-font-size-5: 1rem;
  --onboard-font-size-6: 0.875rem;
  --onboard-font-size-7: 0.75rem;

  /* SPACING */
  --onboard-spacing-1: 3rem;
  --onboard-spacing-2: 2rem;
  --onboard-spacing-3: 1.5rem;
  --onboard-spacing-4: 1rem;
  --onboard-spacing-5: 0.5rem;

  /* BORDER RADIUS */
  --onboard-border-radius-1: 24px;
  --onboard-border-radius-2: 20px;
  --onboard-border-radius-3: 16px;

  /* SHADOWS */
  --onboard-shadow-0: none;
  --onboard-shadow-1: 0px 4px 12px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
  --onboard-shadow-2: inset 0px -1px 0px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

  /* MAIN MODAL POSITIONING */
  --onboard-modal-z-index
  --onboard-modal-top
  --onboard-modal-bottom
  --onboard-modal-right
  --onboard-modal-left

  /* HD WALLET ACCOUNT SELECT MODAL POSITIONING */
  --onboard-account-select-modal-z-index
  --onboard-account-select-modal-top
  --onboard-account-select-modal-bottom
  --onboard-account-select-modal-right
  --onboard-account-select-modal-left

  /* MAGIC WALLET MODAL POSITIONING */
  --onboard-login-modal-z-index
  --onboard-login-modal-top
  --onboard-login-modal-bottom
  --onboard-login-modal-right
  --onboard-login-modal-left


  /* HARDWARE WALLET STYLES  */
  /* *if not set will fallback to variables with `--onboard` prefix shown above */

  /* COLORS */
  --account-select-modal-white: white;
  --account-select-modal-black: black;
  --account-select-modal-primary-100: #eff1fc;
  --account-select-modal-primary-200: #d0d4f7;
  --account-select-modal-primary-300: #b1b8f2;
  --account-select-modal-primary-500: #6370e5;
  --account-select-modal-primary-600: #454ea0;
  --account-select-modal-gray-100: #ebebed;
  --account-select-modal-gray-200: #c2c4c9;
  --account-select-modal-gray-300: #999ca5;
  --account-select-modal-gray-500: #33394b;
  --account-select-modal-gray-700: #1a1d26;
  --account-select-modal-danger-500: #ff4f4f;

  /* FONTS */
  --account-select-modal-font-family-normal: Sofia Pro;
  --account-select-modal-font-family-light: Sofia Pro Light;
  --account-select-modal-font-size-5: 1rem;
  --account-select-modal-font-size-7: .75rem;
  --account-select-modal-font-line-height-1: 24px;

  /* SPACING */
  --account-select-modal-margin-4: 1rem;
  --account-select-modal-margin-5: 0.5rem;

  /* NOTIFY STYLES */
  /* Notify Positioning variables only take effect if Notify is Positioned separate of Account Center */
  --notify-onboard-container-position-top
  --notify-onboard-container-position-bottom
  --notify-onboard-container-position-right
  --notify-onboard-container-position-left
  --notify-onboard-font-family-normal
  --notify-onboard-font-size-5
  --notify-onboard-gray-300
  --notify-onboard-gray-600
  --notify-onboard-border-radius
  --notify-onboard-font-size-7
  --notify-onboard-font-size-6
  --notify-onboard-line-height-4
  --notify-onboard-primary-100
  --notify-onboard-primary-400
  --notify-onboard-main-padding
  --notify-onboard-z-index
  --notify-onboard-background
  --notify-onboard-close-icon-color
  --notify-onboard-close-icon-hover
  --notify-onboard-transaction-status-color
  --notify-onboard-transaction-font-size
  --notify-onboard-hash-time-font-size
  --notify-onboard-hash-time-font-line-height
  --notify-onboard-address-hash-color
  --notify-onboard-anchor-color
}
```

:::admonition type="note"
**Stay Tuned:** We're dedicated to providing a seamless customization experience and will soon be providing more tools and examples to help our community get the most out of their web3-onboard implementation.
:::
