packages/injected/README.md, before:

# @web3-onboard/injected-wallets

## Quickstart

To allow all injected wallets that are supported, don't pass in any options:

```javascript
import Onboard from '@web3-onboard/core'
import injectedModule from '@web3-onboard/injected-wallets'

const MAINNET_RPC_URL = 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/<INFURA_KEY>'

const injected = injectedModule()

const onboard = Onboard({
  wallets: [injected],
  chains: [
    {
      id: '0x1',
      token: 'ETH',
      label: 'Ethereum Mainnet',
      rpcUrl: MAINNET_RPC_URL
    }
  ],
  appMetadata: {
    name: 'My App',
    icon: '<SVG_ICON_STRING>',
    description: 'My app using Onboard'
  }
})

const connectedWallets = await onboard.connectWallet()

console.log(connectedWallets)
```

## Filtering Wallets

Injected wallets that you do not want to support can be filtered based on the `Platform` the user is on. For example you may not want to support the 'Detected Wallet' that is detected automatically and filter it via all platforms by passing `false`:

```javascript
import Onboard from '@web3-onboard/core'
import injectedModule, { ProviderLabel } from '@web3-onboard/injected-wallets'

const MAINNET_RPC_URL = 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/<INFURA_KEY>'

const injected = injectedModule({
  filter: {
    [ProviderLabel.Detected]: false
  }
})

const onboard = Onboard({
  wallets: [injected]
  //... other options
})
```

Or you may want to only filter the 'Detected Wallet' on a select few platforms:

```javascript
import Onboard from '@web3-onboard/core'
import injectedModule, { ProviderLabel } from '@web3-onboard/injected-wallets'

const MAINNET_RPC_URL = 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/<INFURA_KEY>'

const injected = injectedModule({
  filter: {
    // allow only on non android mobile
    [ProviderLabel.Detected]: ['Android', 'desktop']
  }
})

const onboard = Onboard({
  wallets: [injected]
  //... other options
})
```

The following platforms can be used to filter wallets:

```typescript
type Platform =
  | 'Windows Phone'
  | 'Windows'
  | 'macOS'
  | 'iOS'
  | 'Android'
  | 'Linux'
  | 'Chrome OS'
  | 'Android Browser'
  | 'Chrome'
  | 'Chromium'
  | 'Firefox'
  | 'Microsoft Edge'
  | 'Opera'
  | 'Safari'
  | 'desktop'
  | 'mobile'
  | 'tablet'
```

## Adding Custom Injected Wallets

If there is an injected wallet that you would like to support in your app, but is not yet included in this repo, you can add a custom wallet module in the `custom` field:

```typescript
const equal = {
  // The label that will be displayed in the wallet selection modal
  label: 'Equal',
  // The property on the window where the injected provider is defined
  // Example: window.ethereum
  injectedNamespace: 'ethereum',
  // A unique property on the provider that is used to identify the provider
  // In most cases this is in the format: `is<provider-name>`.
  // Example: window.ethereum.isEQLWallet
  providerIdentityFlag: 'isEQLWallet',
  // A method that returns a string of the wallet icon which will be displayed
  getIcon: async () => (await import('<PATH_TO_ICON>')).default,
  // Returns a valid EIP1193 provider. In some cases the provider will need to be patched to satisfy the EIP1193 Provider interface
  getInterface: () => ({
    provider: window.ethereum
  }),
  // A list of platforms that this wallet supports
  platforms: ['desktop']
}

const injected = injectedModule({
  custom: [equal]
})

const onboard = Onboard({
  wallets: [injected]
  //... other options
})
```

Commit message:

Update readme with not about working with Coinbase wallet

packages/injected/README.md, after:

# @web3-onboard/injected-wallets

## Quickstart

To allow all injected wallets that are supported, don't pass in any options:

```javascript
import Onboard from '@web3-onboard/core'
import injectedModule from '@web3-onboard/injected-wallets'

const MAINNET_RPC_URL = 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/<INFURA_KEY>'

const injected = injectedModule()

const onboard = Onboard({
  wallets: [injected],
  chains: [
    {
      id: '0x1',
      token: 'ETH',
      label: 'Ethereum Mainnet',
      rpcUrl: MAINNET_RPC_URL
    }
  ],
  appMetadata: {
    name: 'My App',
    icon: '<SVG_ICON_STRING>',
    description: 'My app using Onboard'
  }
})

const connectedWallets = await onboard.connectWallet()

console.log(connectedWallets)
```

*Note: When working with Coinbase wallet is should be known that their current implementation overrides the provider space at `window.ethereum`. An array is created that allows the MetaMask provider to persist along with the Coinbase provider but we have not seen the persistence by the Coinbase wallet with other providers who inject at the `window.ethereum` level. If a user disables the Coinbase wallet the most recently injected provider will the option shown in the in the available wallets list within the Web3-onboard modal*

## Filtering Wallets

Injected wallets that you do not want to support can be filtered based on the `Platform` the user is on. For example you may not want to support the 'Detected Wallet' that is detected automatically and filter it via all platforms by passing `false`:

```javascript
import Onboard from '@web3-onboard/core'
import injectedModule, { ProviderLabel } from '@web3-onboard/injected-wallets'

const MAINNET_RPC_URL = 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/<INFURA_KEY>'

const injected = injectedModule({
  filter: {
    [ProviderLabel.Detected]: false
  }
})

const onboard = Onboard({
  wallets: [injected]
  //... other options
})
```

Or you may want to only filter the 'Detected Wallet' on a select few platforms:

```javascript
import Onboard from '@web3-onboard/core'
import injectedModule, { ProviderLabel } from '@web3-onboard/injected-wallets'

const MAINNET_RPC_URL = 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/<INFURA_KEY>'

const injected = injectedModule({
  filter: {
    // allow only on non android mobile
    [ProviderLabel.Detected]: ['Android', 'desktop']
  }
})

const onboard = Onboard({
  wallets: [injected]
  //... other options
})
```

The following platforms can be used to filter wallets:

```typescript
type Platform =
  | 'Windows Phone'
  | 'Windows'
  | 'macOS'
  | 'iOS'
  | 'Android'
  | 'Linux'
  | 'Chrome OS'
  | 'Android Browser'
  | 'Chrome'
  | 'Chromium'
  | 'Firefox'
  | 'Microsoft Edge'
  | 'Opera'
  | 'Safari'
  | 'desktop'
  | 'mobile'
  | 'tablet'
```

## Adding Custom Injected Wallets

If there is an injected wallet that you would like to support in your app, but is not yet included in this repo, you can add a custom wallet module in the `custom` field:

```typescript
const equal = {
  // The label that will be displayed in the wallet selection modal
  label: 'Equal',
  // The property on the window where the injected provider is defined
  // Example: window.ethereum
  injectedNamespace: 'ethereum',
  // A unique property on the provider that is used to identify the provider
  // In most cases this is in the format: `is<provider-name>`.
  // Example: window.ethereum.isEQLWallet
  providerIdentityFlag: 'isEQLWallet',
  // A method that returns a string of the wallet icon which will be displayed
  getIcon: async () => (await import('<PATH_TO_ICON>')).default,
  // Returns a valid EIP1193 provider. In some cases the provider will need to be patched to satisfy the EIP1193 Provider interface
  getInterface: () => ({
    provider: window.ethereum
  }),
  // A list of platforms that this wallet supports
  platforms: ['desktop']
}

const injected = injectedModule({
  custom: [equal]
})

const onboard = Onboard({
  wallets: [injected]
  //... other options
})
```
